# After Sales Service

1. Repair work must only be done by UFACTORY.   
After repair work, checks must be done to ensure the required safety level. Checks
must adhere to valid national or regional work safety regulations. The correct functioning of all safety functions shall also be tested
2. After-sales policy:
For the detailed after-sales policy of the product, see the official website:
https://www.ufactory.cc/warranty-and-returns/
3. The general process of after-sales service is:
* Contact UFACTORY technical support (support@ufactory.cc) to confirm whether the product needs to repair and which part should be sent back to UFACTORY.
* After the bill of lading on UPS, we will send the invoice and label to you by mail. You need to make an appointment with the local UPS and then send the product to us.
* UFACTORY will check the product warranty status according to the after-sales policy.
* Generally, the process takes around 1-2 weeks except for shipment.

**Note**  
1. Please keep the original packaging materials of the product. When you need to send the product back to get repaired, please pack the product with the original box to protect the product during the transportation.
2. If you need to send the control box to get repaired, please export and save the configuration file([UFACTORY Studio-General-Advanced Settings](https://docs.ufactory.cc/user_manual/ufactoryStudio/7.settings.html#_7-4-3-advanced-settings)) of the robotic arm to prevent the original data from being lost or changed during the repair process 
